is eh progress better d so it means, so now the
external increase is down  , get growth need than is the big know poor
expansion of income so and this, eh, foreign two aspects yeah, the
first is doing business doing trade those doing that
trade that is  Maybe not okay, can not repay the money so there allocate to this
, you have counted a piece of money, because you are used to the problem, a lot of trade easy
you can not export the frame so on the other hand there is
no this in fact  , really like doing she
um, those those such intermediaries in Hong Kong so then the
itself ah is zero because your small package that is zero itself is now is
no now the whole market can do  Yeah um
, so your company is immediately this, is is immediately on the ground is issuing
those are  It